[Stream] Audio Mode for Media Transformations (#23883)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/changelog/stream/2025-07-22-media-transformations-audio-mode.mdx

---
title: Audio mode for Media Transforamtions
description: >
  Media Transformations now supports `audio` mode, which extracts audio from a video.
date: 2025-07-22
---

> The addition of this feature allows a user to extract audio from a source video, outputting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We now support `audio` mode! Use this feature to extract audio from a source video, outputting
```

> an M4A file to use in downstream workflows like AI inference, content moderation, or transcription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an M4A file to use in downstream workflows like [AI inference](/workers-ai/), content moderation, or transcription.
```
